; ------------------------------------------------------------------------
;
;	Win11 Widgets for Rainmeter - Welcome (intro)
;		Author   - ketamine
;		Based on - Win10 Widgets by TJ Markham (http://win10widgets.com)
;		License  - Creative Commons BY-NC-SA 4.0
;
; ------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTICE:

	Thanks for taking the time to read this! This document is meant to 
	provide you with a comprehensive introduction to your new desktop. 
	
Index:

	About
	Welcome Widget
	Adding/Removing Widgets
	Changing Widget Size
	Positioning Widgets
	Widget Options
	Special Widgets
	
About:

	Your desk has more on it than a bunch of folders and files, why should
	your computer desktop be any different?
	
	Win11 Widgets transforms your desktop from a collection of folders and
	files to a place where you can find all the information you need, when
	you need it. Weather, WiFi, battery, music, and more; all available at
	a glance. 
	
	Plus it looks cool! Like those futuristic computers you always see in 
	the movies (we're looking at you, Iron Man and Minority Report).
	
	Unlike widgets before it, Win11 Widgets blends into the background and 
	makes the information you need the focus of your experience. By 
	starting from scratch and engineering each widget with an emphasis on 
	functional simplicity, Win11 Widgets adapts to you instead of the 
	other way around. Win11 Widgets works with any wallpaper, any screen 
	size, and uses your unique Windows 11 accent color to adapt to the 
	personalized experience you've already created. 

	Best of all, there are no programming skills required; everything just 
	works!

Welcome Widget:

	The first thing you'll see when you load Win11 Widgets is the Welcome 
	widget. If you've already closed it, no worries! You can always bring 
	it back by right-clicking the Rainmeter "raindrop" icon in the 
	notification area (i.e. system tray), selecting 
	"Skins" -> "Win11 Widgets" -> "Welcome", and clicking "Welcome.ini".

	The Welcome widget shows a preview of what your desktop can look like 
	(click the screenshot to view it full size) and has two buttons:

	Read the intro guide

		Opens this document.
	
	Donate with PayPal (the accent coloured button)

		If you enjoy Win11 Widgets and want to support its development, 
		this button opens a PayPal donation page:
		https://www.paypal.com/paypalme/isuserformula
		
	To close the Welcome widget, simply click the "X" in the top right 
	corner.

	Remember, you can always bring the Welcome widget back by 
	right-clicking the Rainmeter "raindrop" icon in the notification area 
	(i.e. system tray), selecting "Skins" -> "Win11 Widgets" -> "Welcome", 
	and clicking "Welcome.ini".
	
Adding/Removing Widgets:

	Adding and removing widgets is easy! To add a widget, start by 
	right-clicking the Rainmeter "raindrop" icon in the notification area 
	(i.e. system tray) and selecting "Skins" -> "Win11 Widgets". Next, 
	select the name of the widget you want to add and click the variation 
	(i.e. size) of your chosen widget to add it to your desktop.
	
	To remove a widget, simply right-click it and select "Unload skin." 
	
	If, for some reason, you cannot right-click the widget you want to 
	remove, right-click the Rainmeter "raindrop" icon in the notification 
	area (i.e. system tray), select the name of the widget you wish to 
	remove (e.g. "Win11 Widgets/DateTime"), and  select "Unload skin."

Changing Widget Size:

	Each widget offers a selection of various sizes. If you want to change 
	the size of a widget that is already on your desktop, simply 
	right-click the widget, select "Variants", and click the size you want 
	to use.

	If, for some reason, you cannot right-click the widget you want to 
	resize, right-click the Rainmeter "raindrop" icon in the notification 
	area (i.e. system tray), select the name of the widget you wish to 
	resize (e.g. "Win11 Widgets/DateTime"), select "Variants", and click 
	the size you want to use.
	
Positioning Widgets:

	To position a widget, simply click and drag it wherever you like. 
	Widgets will snap to the edge of your screen, unless this feature has 
	been disabled. To disable this option, right-click the widget, select 
	"Settings", and click the "Snap-to-edges" option. The same steps can 
	be followed to re-enable this option.

	If your widgets aren't able to be dragged, make sure that the Lock 
	widget isn't in the "locked" state. To "unlock" the lock widget, 
	simply click it. For more information about the Lock widget, please 
	see the "Special widgets" section below.

Widget Options:

	Several widgets offer options that allow you to change how the 
	information provided by the widget is displayed. These options can be 
	found by right-clicking on the widget and looking under the header 
	"Custom skin actions".
	
	Some examples of these options include:
	
	- Date/Time widget:
		- 12-hour time
		- 24-hour time
	- HardDrive widget:
		- Auto-select drive
		- Select from available drives
	- WiFi widget:
		- Show % signal strength
		- Hide % signal strength
	- Lock:
		- Light icon
		- Dark icon
		- Help
	- Weather:
		- Auto-location
		- Set location
		- Imperial units (F)
		- Metric units (C)
		- 12-hour time
		- 24-hour time

	If, for some reason, you cannot right-click the widget you want to 
	view the options for, right-click the Rainmeter "raindrop" icon in the 
	notification area (i.e. system tray), select the name of the widget 
	you wish to view the options for (e.g. "Win11 Widgets/DateTime"), and 
	look under the header "Custom skin actions".

Special Widgets:

	The "Lock" and "LayoutSwitcher" widgets are a little different than 
	the other Win11 Widgets. If you need assistance with these widgets, 
	there is a "Help" option that can be found using the steps outlined in 
	the "Widget options" section above. Depending on the status of your 
	internet connection, the "Help" option will either direct you to a 
	YouTube video, or a text file like this one.


That's it!
